Add working directories for eslint (#9738)
zed-industries/zed: docs/src/languages/javascript.md

  }
}
```

#### Configure ESLint's `workingDirectories`:

> You can configure ESLint's `workingDirectories` setting (requires Zed `0.128.2`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure ESLint's `workingDirectories` setting (requires Zed `0.129.x`):
```
